Hello there... My name is Sidharth and I will be
 explaining team Synergy's Linear Regression 
 model and how it works,

first we start off by importing the modules that
we need for the Linear Regression model this 
includes numpy, pandas, matplotlib and sklearn.

After that we import the data which is in this 
csv. Then we split it to the dependent features 
and independent features.

Next, we split our independent features and 
dependent features into our training and 
testing data with a test size of 10% and a 
random state of 420 which acts as a key to 
identify the random state.

Then, we make our model and train it using the 
fit function, following that we make our first 
prediction using the model which is in the 
y_pred_linear variable.

Following that, we calculated the root mean 
squared error which gives us an approx value of 
how off our model is in predicting values. 
First we calculate the mean squared error using 
a function called mean_squared_error and then 
we take the root of that value to get the root 
mean squared error.

Lastly we make a scatter plot to see how linear 
is our relation between the predicted and test 
values of our model, as the more linear it is 
the more accurate the model is.

Now we're done! All we have to do is do one 
final predict with taking the user input 
(show the final output) 